c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\bin\Debug\POEStashSorter.exe.config
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.g.resources
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\bin\Debug\POEStashSorter.exe
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\bin\Debug\POEStashSorter.pdb
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.exe
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.pdb
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bjarke\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Bjarke\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Bjarke\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\bin\Debug\SortingAlgorithms\SortMaps.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\bin\Debug\SortingAlgorithms\SortGems.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\POEStashSorter\POEStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\data\POEStashSorter.exe.config
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.exe
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.pdb
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\data\SortingAlgorithms\SortMaps.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\data\SortingAlgorithms\SortGems.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\data\POEStashSorter.exe
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\data\POEStashSorter.pdb
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.g.resources
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\bin\POEStashSorter.exe.config
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\bin\POEStashSorter.exe
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\bin\POEStashSorter.pdb
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.exe
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.pdb
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.g.resources
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\bin\SortingAlgorithms\SortGems.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\bin\SortingAlgorithms\SortMaps.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.baml
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\POEStashSorterv2\bin\SortingAlgorithms\SortJewlery.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\bin\SortingAlgorithms\SortGems.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\bin\SortingAlgorithms\SortJewlery.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\bin\SortingAlgorithms\SortMaps.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\bin\POEStashSorter.exe.config
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\bin\POEStashSorter.exe
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\bin\POEStashSorter.pdb
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.baml
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\LoginWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.g.resources
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.exe
C:\Users\Bjarke\Desktop\Projects\GIT\PathOfExileStashSorter\source\PoeStashSorter\obj\Debug\POEStashSorter.pdb
